add exercise for running check() (#95)
carpentries-incubator/lesson-R-packaging: _episodes/07-dependencies.md

{: .challenge}

> ## Using and running `devtools::check()` for dependencies
>
> `devtools::check()` checks for many different things, but here we want to see it in action for dependencies. 
>
> For this exercise, start with either your own package, or make the `mysterycoffee` package depend on some more things, as follows:
> 
>~~~r
> usethis::use_r("reshape_groups")
>~~~
> {: .code}
>
> Then add the following function to the file `reshape_groups.R`:
>
>~~~r
> reshape_groups <- function(names) {
>  df <- data.frame(make_groups(names))
>  names(df) <- c("group1", "group2")
>  out <- df %>% tidyr::pivot_longer(cols = tidyselect::starts_with("group"))
>  return(out)
>}
>~~~
> {: .code}

> > 

Author: reshape was the first example I could come up with, but I agree that simpler is better; I'll use `mutate`. And I omit the pipe for now, too.

> > 

Reviewer: I agree with @bvreede, a simpler function may help. But I don't see this as very critical. If this is slowing you down, we can merge it as it is and take care of the function at a later iteration.

> > 

Author: no worries @PabRod, I will push a simpler example next week. It's almost done but I haven't had time to finish it

> With this in place, or with your own package, do the following.

> > Run `devtools::check()` (or `Build > Check`). Report in the collaborative document the messages you receive about dependencies. Address the messages by fixing the code, and re-run `devtools::check()`. Iterate until there are no more messages about dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Run `devtools::check()` (or `Build > Check`). What messages do you get about dependencies?
> Optionally, you can address the messages by changing the code, and re-run `devtools::check()` to see if you were successful. 
```
